Name: LaVon907
Interest in GitHub: Personal interest is to learn about the basic infrastructure of the internet, personal and professional internet security, and basics of building a website or something similar. Additionally, I would also like to connect with other like minded people, and or communities for education, assistance, or to be of value or to find valuable resources  
I am currently learning coding basics (like just choosing a coding language appears to be a huge task alone!  And then, I am still (after 2 years of studying) trying to grasp what feel like just a kindergartners beginners level of knowledge-- what the hell exactly are the basic needs for one to understand how "The WWW/The Net" works-- so one can just figure out what I can best learn, somewhat master? So I can I turn understand what's my students need to know so they can be on the cutting edge of well adaptability would be great to start with.  Or, just pure survival out there past the secure walls of childhood home and school!
I am actually looking to just learn and network with others at this time. 
Professionally, my interest here is to learn at least 1 coding language very well, and 2 others well enough. How to build apps, and a website, and be able to convey my knowledge into methods, strategies, tools, skills that are easily teachable and easily understood by our atudents. Finally, I want the knowledge, skills, tools, that I give to my students, be immediately accessible, usable, invaluable, and brilliantly versatile in as many ways as possible. I want this to be the toolbox they take with them as the progress in the global professional workforce- but also use for personal and other areas in life.  This is a high demand and possibly a dream, but to be the best teacher or at least a teacher that cares to give our students real working and immediate, and applicable skills, then one must have some kind of understanding in coding, and how exactly do we and the net work together.  
For now I can be contacted at LaVon ihrig@gmail.com

LaVon907 is a ✨ `README.md` (this file)
